  2.Product/service description

2.1 Product context


2.2 User characteristics

Customer profile: Every individual
Our software can be used by every person who is in need to make traveling arrangements. There is no age,gender,racial limit to the use of this software. It is created for everyone. Every person has the ability to express their thoughts and give reviews,in order for the software to get better and more useful for them.


2.3 Assumptions

●Resources
1.Meetings will be held frequently,with each member being present
2.Each member,despite their role,will be able to participate in the software’s creation and documentation
3.All facilities will be available when needed
4.End users will have access to the software , as well as, the possibility to test it in their desired date
●Delivery
1.The software will be delivered and presented on time
2.The software will be delivered with all the requested features

●Budget-estimated cost of the project
1.Project costs will stay the same as the initially budgeted cost (moderate expenses).

●Scope
1.The project scope will not change

●Schedule
1.Materials will arrive as planned within the project schedule.

●Methodology
1.Project will follow the parallel process flow type.
2.Project will follow the unified process model.




2.4 Constraints
●Technology limitations : The IDE used,access of the needed amount of devices such as computers,mobile phones,iPads etc.
● Scheduling limitations: Planned meetings and their scheduled times need to be favorable for all the included members.
●Adaptability limitations: Members of the team have to be able to compromise and make changes to their personal schedules when needed.
●Construction and design limitations: A good understanding of the programming language used and well-defined knowledge of its libraries,functions and features it provides.  
●Delivery limitations: The application needs to be delivered in the appointed time.
● Testing limitations: The scheme/method used for testing the application needs to be efficient.




2.5 Dependencies
● This new product presents the need to download distinct features on the IDE such as specific libraries and extensions to be executed.
●This new product presents the need to have access to all kinds of technological devices.
● This new product presents the need to have access to all needed resources mentioned above.
.
